TODO

	
	Homepage with a description of services/products offered and login area (any type of user) 

	customer:
	
	
		Customers can schedule a web time for services, using a calendar:
The calendar should display free slot windows for use. Customers cannot cancel a time.
The calendar should cover a minimum of 10 weeks with (at least) 10 slots per day.
Busy hours show the name and photo of the service and the animal and name of the customer who made the reservation.
Each free slot must show a service or empty. It is possible to have more than one service per slot. But I recommend doing only one service per slot.

		schedule time, buy a product, edit your registration, register/list animals 
		Calendar screen of the month and time list to select a service.
		Screen with details of a registered animal and information such as its current situation (how many services are reserved for it and the total cost). 
	administrator
	
	
		Administrators are responsible for registering/managing administrators, customers, and products/services provided. The application already comes with an account admin with password admin.
Customers are users who access the system for animal registration, service schedule and purchase of products.
The admin log includes, at least: name, id, photo, phone, email.
Each customer's record includes, at least: name, id, address, photo, phone, email
Each pet is registered under an owner (customer). It includes name, id, photo, race, age.
Product records include, at least: name, id, photo, description, price, quantity (in stock), quantity sold. Products can be, for example, dog/cat food, houses, toy bones, collars, etc.
Registration services include, at least: name, id, photo, description, price.

		Screen with actions: register administrators / customers / products / services / etc) in a menu
		Screen for managing services, where you can associate services with time slots, release reserved slots, etc.
		Product Inventory Management Screen (Add, Update, Delete, Consult)
		
		
		



	The functionalities you are going to implement (when talking about them, link the corresponding Html files).
	
	The information you are going to save in the server (no need to decide how that information will be saved).
	
	A diagram showing how users navigate the site.



	